Summary:
The study wants to find out how holographic AI assistants can be used in education, focusing on both the current state of holographic assistants and the path to adoption in education, by surveying schools and conducting a literature research. 

Strenghts:
The SOTA is very important as it justifies your research and how you want to fill the research gap. You conducted an extensive literature research and combine different sources well to explain the problem

Weaknesses:
A clear, concise style of writing is important for the readability of an exposee. You used many generic and superficial filler sentences (e.g. "Until now, there has been a research gap.", "It can be seen as an interdisciplinary challenge, since it ...", "This topic is very important, since it's a next step in artificial intelligence" etc.). Erase sentences that add nothing to your exposee or make them significantly more precise.
 The research questions should be narrowed down, as concrete and actionable as possible, verifiable etc. Your research questions are very wide/open, and go way beyond the scope of a thesis. Reduce the amount of things you want to investigate by narrowing them down significantly and potentially using only some of the (Sub-)RQs.
The methodology should be suitable to answer all of your research questions extensively, it should be concrete and actionable. Your methodology is quite generic and many research questions will not be answered unless you specify better what and how you want to find out with your surveys - keep your research questions in mind when thinking about methods, what methods are necessary to fully answer/tackle your research questions?
A theoretical framework should be developed to help answering the RQs and giving more structure for your research. You are unfortunately missing this setion entirely, and just explain what digital holography is - since you are not researching how digital holography works but instead how it can be adopted (so from a non-technical perspective), this does not suffice as a theoretical framework. Think about your own approach to this topic when constructing a relevant theoretical framework. 
