The project proposes the use of a holographic AI in the fields of Education and work. This AI aims to fill the gap regarding user acceptance and integration of AI into their workplace.

On the topic of outlining the difference between different AI systems, the proposal did a great job of comparing the proposed AI with already existing AI systems and how they lack certain features that would improve user usability. 
The proposal successfully recognizes real-world concerns about such AI that are not just attributed to the feasability of building the theoretical AI.

In the methodology section of the proposal the planned approach to answering the RQ should be explained in more detail. It should show which tasks, experiments/surveys but also literature research need to be conducted to analyse the impact but also acceptance of users regarding a holographic AI. A reader should be left with the understanding of the planned way of how you want to answer your RQ.
Answering this with extensive experiments and surveys is the way to go, however the proposed methodology lacks in details about which experiments will be used to allow such data that supposedly answers the RQ almost perfectly to be extracted. Even if the results are projected to be "amazing", the lack of detail on the conducted experiments and surveys might leave you with a risk of collecting the wrong metrics. A more in-depth explaination of the planned methodology allows early feedback on planned data extraction, which is too much work for it to leave a possibility of a reduced importance when answering the RQ.
To improve your planning on how to answer the RQ, you should put focus on which facts (both positive and negative) you would need to answer the RQ accordingly. From there on you might find it easy to design the experiments and surveys to collect the needed data. You can also try to disprove your designed experiment/survey in order to find a more refined and suitable data source and repeat that process again.
You should also put more focus on knowledge you wrote about that might be obvious to you but not to the reader. It is not apparent which critical role of AI in supporting education and work environments was demonstrated during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
While you want to convince others of your planned methodology, you should use a more detailed explaination of the planned methodology rather than trying to convince using optimistic writing (f.e. "The results are going to be amazing!").
