Summary:
This study is aimed at understanding the social and emotional implications of human/holographic AI interactions through a mixture of interviews and literature research.

Strengths:
Very creative title and introduction
Despite only very few citations and many claims without reference (as explained later), the SOTA section clarifies well the distinction between current work and your study

Weaknesses:
At the end of the 'Motivation' section, the research questions should be clear. In your case, there is only a quite general and superficial introduction with the research questions following in the next section. Rework the motivation section to make it lead towards your research questions.
In science, claims should be either marked as such or backed with a source. Several claims (e.g. "increasing levels of loneliness and social isolation", "existing research often focuses on spefici aspects like romantic relationship..." ) are made here without a reference. Make sure to make your exposee more scientific and back up some of your claims
The theoretical framework should be the foundation for your methodology. It seems like there is no connection between your theoretical framework and the methodology. Either use a different theoretical framework or integrate it into your methods
The goal of the methodology section should be that it is clear how the research questions will be answered and consist of a clear plan. Your methods are very unspecific and it does not become clear to me how the research questions will be answered, and include seemingly arbitrary ideas (e.g. 50-100 participants, why?). When you re-write this section, always keep in mind what the overarching goals are and how you want to answer them 
Bullet points can be used e.g. for the research questions, but you lack a lot of details in your methodology. Convert that section into an actual text and focus on better transitions and justifications for the methods as well as details

Other:
Every once in a while, you use capital letters for nouns like in German. Proofread again before the next submission or use a tool to avoid such "easy" mistakes.
