The paper presents an innovative and very timely research topic, which explores the potential of holographic AI assistants in educational and workplace settings.
The author's motivation is clear, and there seems to be a distinct gap that is addressed with the paper. Furthermore, the motivation is clearly articulated, and examples like Microsoft HoloLens and Apple Vision Pro establish good feasibility and approachability for the concept.
While the overarching and general goal is clear, the paper could benefit from a more explicit main research question and additional, smaller associated sub-research questions. This would provide a stronger focus and help readers—and yourself—understand and distinguish the aim of the paper from other similar studies.

The chosen mixed-methods approach (combining quantitative experiments and qualitative interviews) seems appropriate and demonstrates a thoughtful strategy. The mention of technological opportunities and ethical challenges shows an understanding of the different areas involved in the topic.
However, especially the experiments could benefit from a short description of how they are supposed to be carried out and how the interviews are then supposed to further benefit the results. 
Furthermore, the tone in parts of the methodology section is overly enthusiastic.
Phrases like "we are thrilled" and "the results are going to be amazing" are too informal for an academic paper and may undermine the scientific credibility of the work. If I may suggest a rephrasing of those two examples:
For instance, replacing "We are thrilled to present this research" with "This research aims to provide valuable insights into..." and "The results are going to be amazing" with "The results are expected to offer significant contributions to..." would not only maintain a more scientific tone but also strengthen the methodology section with clearer links to the research questions.

The paper outlines a very promising roadmap with plans for experiments, surveys, and interviews. These steps indicate a good understanding of the difficulty of assessing the selected topics. The acknowledgment of challenges is present and further demonstrates the author’s knowledge of the topic. The timeline is clear and seems realistic.
To further enhance the next steps, it would be beneficial to clearly and precisely formulate an overarching research question and a few sub-questions that will inevitably be answered or addressed through the main research question.
This would help provide a clearer structure and resolve the currently unclear structure of the interviews.

All in all, the research topic is highly relevant and presents a promising concept. Refining the focus, aligning the methodology more clearly with the research questions, and maintaining an academic tone will significantly strengthen the overall quality and impact of the paper.'
Exammne f t
