Summary:

In your expose, you state that in the current education system, the focus lies on
grading mistakes. And you want to show a new way with LLMs and how these models
can help to uncover misconceptions and give students a better understanding of
their mistakes.

To answer your research questions, you would like to conduct a literature
review as an AI-driven error analysis as a first step. As a second step, you
may want to fine-tune a model or use prompts to adjust an existing model. With
these now prepared LLMs, you want to run experiments with students and evaluate
the models output with educators to answer your research questions.

Hook/Anker/Teaser:

You begin your expose with a shocking statement and a possible solution, which
is an effective way to catch the reader's interest. However, you should provide
proof for this statement by including a citation.

You also briefly discuss the domain of the problem and convincingly highlight
the relevance of your research topic. Your conclusion about the gap in the
field is reasonable and achievable in the limited time frame.

Research questions:

Your research questions are well tailored to the problem you outline in the
beginning of your motivation. They are clear and reasonable, achievable in the
time frame.

Sota/Framework:

At the end of your SOTA, you mention that your study will evaluate the
effectiveness of LLMs in "diverse subjects" and "explore computational
approaches". This wording is rather vague. "Diverse subjects" could be
interpreted broadly, and attempting to cover all available subjects may be
impractical, especially in the limited time frame. It's better to focus on a
few subjects to still provide a diverse overview while keeping the scope
manageable. Similarly, the phrase "explore computational approaches" needs
clarification which approaches you plan to use.

In your framework you correctly state the theories you plan to use, and both of
them are reasonable concepts. One of which is "Explainable AI". It is needed to
effectively evaluate the responses. You also acknowledge that the explanations
may be too technical for the educators and students to understand. Your plan to
provide "user-friendly explanations or visual aids" is a great solution to make
the results more accessible.

You should clarify this sentence: "This research leverages diagnostic learning
analytics, which integrates data-driven methods with cognitive science to
analyze student performance.". The meaning of this sentence is unclear to me.
It would be helpful to explain what "diagnostic learning analytics" and
"data-driven methods with cognitive science" are and how they are integrated
into your approach. This should provide a clearer understanding of how you plan
to analyze student performance.

Methodology:

In your methodology, you mention that you will use precision and recall to
pinpoint specific misconceptions and errors. My current understanding is that
precision is "How many retrieved items are relevant?" and recall is "How many
relevant items are retrieved?". These are performance metrics that are commonly
used in object detection and classification in machine learning. However, it is
unclear how you intend on use them for pinpointing student misconceptions and
errors. You should clarify how precision and recall are relevant in this
context or if they are being used differently here.

You also mention exploring fine-tuning or targeted prompts. I would advise you
against fine-tuning, as this requires access to the model's data, which is
typical not available for SOTA AI models that would be most relevant to
research. While there are models that offer access to fine-tuning, they are
generally not comparably to the SOTA models. Training a custom model would be
out of scope of this paper, as this would also be not comparable to the current
SOTA models. Therefore, I recommend focusing on targets prompts for exiting
model instead.

Next, you mention handling linguistic diversity with custom prepossessing
pipelines. It would be helpful to explain what these pipelines will do and why
they are the best approach to address this problem.

You mention to use cloud-based systems to process the generated data. But you
don't address how this will be financed or plan to handle risks. A potential
risk could be data privacy or unavailability due to a vendor error.

The target demographic is more general, and there is nothing wrong with that.
However, you should mention how you plan to handle outliers, such as a low
number of participants from a specific context, which may not provide enough
data for a meaningful analysis. You also don't address the risk of not having
enough students sign up to your study. You should provide a plan in case this
happens, including where and how you plan to recruit them. The same applies to
the educators.

Language:

Your expose is well written. But you tend to repeat yourself. Especially in
your motivation and the beginning of the approach. Reducing this will help to
make your arguments clearer and more convincing.

Schedule:

Your schedule looks good and achievable in the time frame, except from the one
weak where you plan to recruit educator and students and conduct the LLM
experiments. This seems too short. I recommend spreading this phase out over
more weeks to ensure enough time for proper recruitment and experiments.

