Summary:
With the increasing adoption of personalized LLM tools in education, the risk of severe data and privacy breaches increases. This study aims at developing a privacy-protective framework for educational LLM tools following Privacy-by-Design principles and identifying ethical and practical challenges that may arise.

Strengths:
The motivation section follows a very good structure. It becomes evident why proactive privacy-protective research is important.
The theoretical framework revolving around PbD is sound, and seems to offer great potential in researching and tackling this topic.
 Challenges and limitations of your methods are considered, taken into account and (partially) mitigated
The writing style, the combination of different literature, and overall structure is very good

Weaknesses:
Claims within the exposee should be backed up with sources and references. In your case, some claims (as highlighted) about "studies", "frameworks", "existing literature" should be referenced better. It is way less likely to "over-cite" than to "under-cite".
Sub-research questions should provide additional depth and perspectives to the research questions. While not really bad, your sub-RQs could still be improved upon by being less redundant compared to the main research question that seems to include the sub-RQs mostly. Consider how much additional value the Sub-RQs actually provide, or whether they can be further refined/altered.
The methodology should provide a clear plan how to answer the research questions. In your case, the methodology is quite superficial compared to the rest of the expose. When coming up with methodology, think for yourself whether the research questions may be fully answered with your methods and whether the level of detail is enough for the reader to understand the 'why' behind the methodology

Others:
To me, the "framework combining PbD principles with technical insights" is unclear as frameworks can literally mean anything. It would be better to prevent unclarities by explaining it more concretely.
