Summary:

In your study, you point to the problem that LLMs push the solution to a
problem too early. This has no learning value for the students. Or it
could also tempt students to cheat. You want to investigate how effective
prompting is in avoiding this issue. And give students a good learning
experience.

To do this, you want to evaluate publicly available LLMs, namely GPT 4.0
and Gemini 1.5, with prompting strategies for the ability to limit output and
hide solutions.

As a first step, you will evaluate 10 different prompts and test the models for
their ability to provide students with learning steps. Resistance to
jailbreaking will also be tested.

In a second step, you will take these prompts and create a learning environment
for computer science students to solve predefined problems. There will also be
a control group using only textbooks to solve the same problems. All students
will be surveyed at the end.

Title:

Your title is appropriate and aligns with your focus on researching the
effectiveness of providing learning steps without revealing the solution too
early, using LLMs.

Hook/Anker/Teaser:

Your expose effectively begins by citing studies that demonstrate the relevance
of your research to students, noting that 50\% are already using LLMs for
learning. You highlight issues like cheating and teacher shortages, to state
your goal to address these challenges by using LLMs to create a learning
experience that discourages cheating and provides personalized learning. You
identify the issue with LLMs and their tendency to provide solutions too
quickly. This is an interesting question to try to answer. Additionally, you
mention that no prior evaluation was done on the systems ("No evaluation has
been done on the readiness with which these systems will tell students
solutions if asked directly and if this has a negative effect on learning.").
But this statement will be difficult to prove. So you might want to rephrase
this sentence to something like "There is almost no prior evaluation of how
willingly, these systems provide solutions when asked directly and whether this
has a negative impact on learning.".

Research Questions:

Your research questions are well-chosen. They are a good foundation for your
study and align well with your title. However, the sub-questions are yes/no
questions. You might want to rephrase them as "How do students prefer LLMs that
do or do not provide solutions?" and "How do these systems enhance learning
compared to existing LLM assistants?" to provide a wider range in which you can
answer these questions.

SOTA/Theoretical Framework:

In your approach, you identify a researchable gap. That is feasible in the time
frame. Next, you explain what an LLMs is. Since your study heavily relies
on LLMs it might be beneficent to include some criticism on the
training on these models to inform the reader. They are trained on large
datasets that are not publicly available, and therefore it is not transparent
how a LLMs came to the output it generated.

In the next part, you mention that the quality of the responses of LLMs depend
on prompting techniques, and that you would like to explore specialty this
part. But you never mention the exact techniques you want to use. You also
mention these novel prompting techniques later in your methodology and do not
go into detail. You should clarify what you mean by that.

At the end of your framework, you mention two issues with LLMs and how you plan
to address them in your study. Namely, jailbreaking and hallucinations. I think
your strategies in this part are good.

Methodology:

Your methodology outlines using 10 different prompt to instruct LLMs in
providing good teaching steps to student. This will be using in the testing
phase. But you should clarify whether a single prompt will be used for all
experiments or if the best-performing prompt will be used. Also while you
mention groups of five, the exact roles or configurations of these groups are
unclear. It would help to specify whether each LLM will have a regular group
and a control group, as seems implied. Additionally, clarifying what you mean
by "variance for each tool" in the last sentence would also be beneficial.

Your chosen demographic, computer science students, could present challenges.
You plan to collaborate with teachers to assess students learning levels, but
university teachers often lack the detailed knowledge of individual students
learning level due to independent nature of university learning. A more
suitable demographic would be school students, or it would require extensive
research on the current learning level. Which could be difficult in this
limited time frame.

Finding participants without prior exposure to LLMs may also be difficult,
especially among computer science students, who are likely to have used these
tools before. Instead, consider including students with varying levels of
experience for a broader analysis

The sample size is small but manageable in the limited time frame. You also
mention that. However, you should outline a strategy for recruiting
participants and specify plans in case you are not able to recruit the required
number of students.

It is good that you address how outliers, hallucinations, and potential
jailbreaks will be handled.

Language:

The language of your expose is good, and I did not notice any grammatically
issues or errors

Schedule:

Your schedule is mostly well planned. However, you indent to prepare questions
about student's current knowledge levels before recruitment. This can lead to
overly general questions. And it would be more appropriate to reverse the order
to more effectively tailor the questions to the students. Since you plan to
incorporate the current student's knowledge base, with help of teachers, into
the questions.

