Summary: This project expose proposes a new application scenario of LLMs in education to help students solve problems without directly offering the answer, instead guiding them to tackle the problem step by step so that the can learn from the interaction with the language models.

Strengths:
The topic is very practical and identifies a gap in LLM applications. That means it's a very feasible direction for a bachelor project.
The proposed methods, namely prompting and alignment, are technically suitable for the experiments.

Weaknesses:
The research question should be explored in depth through detailed experiments. However, your research question 1 is a little too simple for a thesis-level project, where you are simply investigating the effectiveness of prompting in controlling the production of specific text. Besides, your sub-questions 1.2 and 1.3 are independent research questions and not simply a subset of the question “Effectiveness of prompting control”. I would suggest that you reorganise your research questions (especially RQ1.2 and 1.3) and give RQ1 further depth.
Literature review underpins the methodological and theoretical foundations of your research project. However, I did not see that you have done enough work in analysing the relevant literature. In the approach section you briefly mentioned some studies on the role of LLM in education. But I didn't see the SOTA approach and what they achieved, the shortcomings they presented and the gaps they left for you. Also, your theoretical foundation is quite incomplete, after briefly mentioning LLM, I don't see any other theories or other frameworks that can support you to complete this project, such as research on the impact of different teachers' LLM on students, etc. You should find more papers that are very relevant to your topic and check their theoretical foundation and what the relevant literature is. Obviously, you will need to invest more time and effort in this project expose.
The methodology should be feasible and complete as far as the subjects are concerned. You mentioned two different control mechanisms for text generation in your methodology, namely in-context prompting and alignment training. But at the end of the report, all I can see is that you put a lot of effort into the prompting technique and ignored alignment. If you are going to use only one method, then you need to say so and explain your motivation for choosing x over y.

Other:
More effort should be put into the schedule/timetable, especially the description for each step. At the critical steps, you need to address the relevant research questions.
