Summarisation:
This project proposal aims to build an intelligent system that utilises generative AI models to create an individual recovery plan for patients suffering from stress-related heart disease, incorporating multiple existing cardiovascular and general indicators for humans.

Strength:
The logical connection in the motivation part is very well structured.
RQ1 & 4 are very specific and focused on different aspects of this research project.
The theoretical framework contains a reasonable part that combines several methods previously addressed, and successfully leads to the novel methodology proposed.

Weakness:
Mainly aimed at sub RQ3. The objective of the project is to develop a paradigm or system that incorporates GenAI for recovery planning/decision-making. However, the methodological part about incorporating GenAI is very superficial and the choice of model/architecture seems to be very broad, the difference between GAN and Transformer is not well differentiated, so it seems that they could do the same thing. I would suggest concretising RQ3 and focus on a single generative architecture/model and detail the methodology using that particular model. In particular, you need to be clear about the type of data you are dealing with, what is the input and output of this AI system and whether it is structured data or not, this will help you to define the core of your research proposal to a large extent.
This study will use a lot of cardiovascular data and metrics. I have seen several times that you mentioned the term cardiovascular, but I haven't seen what it includes and what the corresponding metrics are. It's the core of the dataset and it needs to be clearly defined.
The motivation part is generally very good, but it uses a lot of first-person narratives and starts with a personal experience/observation, which is a big red line for a scientific proposal/project description. It needs to be based on grounded research findings/gaps. I would suggest reading several papers on NLP for medicine and seeing how they start the storytelling.

Others:
I have already given this project proposal a high score. It needs to be further developed in terms of textual structure and methodological concretisation.
