Summary: The author proposes a project to investigate the potential social and ethical impact of holographic AI partners on human society in the future.

Weaknesses: 
The first issue I observed in this project is the relevance and amount of literature cited. Literature analysis is an important part of research in any field, as it helps you to understand the history of an unfamiliar field, the current state of development, the theoretical framework, as well as the specific experimental methods and techniques you could employ in your project. The authors were well motivated in choosing the topic of holographic partners, but many important statements/claims lack proper citations. I suggest the authors to look for more related papers on this topic (if you decide to continue in this direction) and to read the structure and content of the papers carefully. At the end you need to add citations after the claims where they should be.
The second problem is that research question you proposed. Typically, you need to identify research gaps and then ask research questions to fill the gaps. Finding research gaps in an area that hasn't been extensively researched is difficult because there is a lack of relevant findings (if you've done enough literature review and are correct in your statement) and you can't be sure what they haven't done yet. What I see is that you've found a whole area that hasn't been researched and you've asked some very broad, generalised questions about it. This is completely unrealistic for an undergraduate project. My suggestion is the same as the first point, we have to do more literature analysis and see if you are really able to find something that is worth work on.
The methodology is the core of a research project, it's about what will be done in the experiments (you've mentioned it briefly and superficially), what are the expected results and what measures should be taken to ensure that one is able to solve problems and potential challenges. Even if it's just a proposal for a research project, the author needs to have a solid understanding of the techniques that will be used in the projects, a concrete and feasible outline of the experiments. However, I do not find this information in the methods section, e.g. what will you do with the experts you have hired? And what kind of survey would you design to ask the target groups? These problems need to be greatly improved by proposing a detailed experimental design to address more realistic research questions.
The structure of the proposal is chaotic. You need to follow the basic structure we suggest in the latex template (check the PDF) and find the sub-sections in Motivation (teaser, anchor and research questions) and Approach (SOTA, theoretical basis, method, etc.). The grading scheme will also give you a solid reminder of how to write a good proposal with a clear semantic structure.

Others:
The citation format and the use of Bibtext seem to be problematic. If you've used our Latex template correctly and cited the collected Bibtex objects correctly, you shouldn't have any formatting problems.
