Summary
Your goal is to apply DNNs to the treatment of Ischemic Strokes. DNNs should support monitoring, controlling drug dosage and creating treatment plans.

Motivation
The motivation has the goal to catch reader's interest, explain the specific problem and in which domain it occurs and also how the problem is currently handled. It should also state research questions explicitly and precisely. 
You start with presenting case- and death numbers which cathc the reader's attention. After this however, it would be beneficial to explain more about the contect, especially what is an ischemic stroke and what is the rt-PA treatment. This would help to understand how current treatment looks like, what their problems are and how Deep Learning Methods can improve these. 
This should then be used to formulate your research question more detailed and more tailored to the given problem. 

Approach
This section has the goal to explain current State of the Art (SOTA) which tackles the problem, which critique the SOTA currently faces and also introduce necesary theoretical work on which your approach is based on. It should then clearly state what you want to do to tackle the prolem, including challenges and limitations. 
You give a good overview about how DNNs are used in other health problems in the same way you want to use it. A more detailed description of these would be good to get better understanding of these technologies and how they are used and also the criticism of the SOTA. You did not mention any theoretical backgound. It could be beneficial to explain at least roughly how DNNs work, especially in the health context and for your problems (monitoring, planning, controlling). 
Your methods are well structured and supported by the figure. However, you could provide more detail on how you want to train your models. Your methods should also include evaluation of your model. 
You mention challenges and limitations, which shows that you critically reviewd your own methods. 


 
This e
