Summary
Your work is about how AI can improve AR systems, especially the user experience. For this you want to study current literature and review interviews from experts in the field. 

Motivation
The goal of the motivation is to arouse interest, give an overview of the domain and the problem and why it is relevant, but also to state your ideas and what you want to to research concretely. You start with an interesting scenario which helps the reader imagine why this topic is important and that it is important now.
However, the section is rather short and you directly go to the research question. It would be good for the reader to get a more detailed overview of the domain (AR) and the problem you want to solve or research.E.g.,  Are there specific aspects of AR which don't work well and has it been studied that this limits the experience and usability of these systems? How could AI system help out with these problems?
 A more detailed introduction into the field of AR, the potential benefits of AI and also some more detailed examples would be beneficial for the reader. You could also write more why these problems are relevant, what happens if we don't solve them and benefit we get from solving them. 

Approach
In the approach the goal is to explain the state of the art, give theoretical frameworks and technologies that are relevant and explain your methods that will answer your research questions. You name some AR applications that exist already, however you don't mention how these systems use AI, if they use AI and what are current challenges with these systems. Also the current problems with the SOTA should be stated. In the theoretical backgound section, you mention a lot of good possibilities how AI systems can be used in AR. You could think about specifying for each possibility which AI technology would be useful. If you always just use the term AI, it is hard to imagine how AI will help with these tasks.
You should also explain your methods more detailed. Explicitly write how many case studies you want to do and how they will look like. Also, describe how you will do the study with users, e.g. which systems you use, what users will do/test and what data you want to collect and analyze. The same goes for reviewing interviews with experts. Also try to tailor your methods more to the specific research questions.

