In this exposé you make a compelling case for the need of further study in the domain of Holographic AI Assistance. The paper contends with the questions of: how AI assistants can convey a convincing physical presence and how this impacts user performance and how to best design the interaction between user and assistant.

Any form of publication needs to draw people in. Your work starts with an excellent first paragraph that compels the reader to imagine your vision and uses a great metaphor to drive home the importance of your research field.

The goal of an exposé is to plan out a research endeavor. A key aspect of this is specifying the scope of the research. To help you focus your research, research questions specify the parts of the generally broader and more comprehensive Problem definition you are going to focus on. Your research questions are in vague and use unspecific language. For example your first research question does not specify what consistent and convincing presence means and how one would validate this. Furthermore your three research questions seem rather independent. It would be a good idea to limit yourself to one research question with one ore two sub questions. This makes it easier to understand what the main reason for the paper is and helps you in the long run to prevent your work to drag on for ever.

An important goal of any paper, but especially of an exposé, is presenting the current research and how your paper connects and builds upon the existing literature. The State of the art section should clearly state what has been achieved so far and how it was achieved. You then connect the limitations of former research or what aspects remain to be explored to how your research would improve on those.
From what I can tell, you opted for a short summery of the gaps in research. While this is important you should also show that you have an understanding of what has been achieved and what your paper builds upon. To mitigate this you might find it helpful to look at the slides [REMOVED]Folienpaket: Exposé slide [REMOVED] and following. It could also be of interest to look at the papers you cite and see how they handle conveying the State of the art. 

When conducting and conveying research you often use existing theoretical frameworks as a basis to formulate hypotheses and convince the reader that you are able to provide well thought out answers. In your section Theoretical Framework you mention many concepts without giving a synopsis or example of how and why you use them. The part relies on the connection to previous work and how you plan on using the there gained experiences and methods to reach answer your research questions. It is therefore important that readers can infer from where you source those ideas. This is hard to do, as you don't cite a single source in this paragraph. I would recommend you restructure this part and limit yourself to one or two theories and cover them in bigger detail. The slides [REMOVED]Folienpaket: Exposé slide [REMOVED] and following cover this topic.

In the scientific process we build on top of an ever growing pool of knowledge, citing your sources in a transparent way is key in making this possible. It seems like you had problems including your bibliography. There are spots where it looks like you were trying to cite a source, but they don't work without the included bibliography. To fix this you could revisit the selection of materials covering LaTeX [REMOVED]
