The exposé proposes the use of LLM-based learning companions for more individualised learning motivations and goals. To do this, it focuses mainly on the effectiveness of existing systems for this task, comparing them to more conventional means of education.

Overall, the structure follows the guidelines for an exposé well and contains everything that is needed. However, some parts are weaker than others. 

The Research Questions should precisely indicate what the studies' focus is and what novel questions it aims to answer. To do this, each RQ needs to address a different part of the research. If necessary, they can be further specified using sub-RQs. Your exposé has a total of eight RQs or sub-RQs. This may make it difficult to match certain parts of the study to specific RQs. Sub-RQs can be 'merged' here, or even described in another part, specifically the methodology. For example, "How can we ensure that the generated learning path meets our quality standards?" is not really a question relevant to the design of LLM-based learning agents. This issue could instead be addressed in the methodology.
The second RQ is also too broadly defined. "How can we accurately evaluate the effectiveness of LLM-based agents?" is missing the teaching/education domain and could also be moved to the methodology as it does not really introduce a novel research question. Your RQs also lack numbering, which would be very helpful for later reference.

The Theoretical Framework should introduce all relevant domain specific knowledge needed to understand the rest of the exposé. While some aspects may be common knowledge, concepts used only in the relevant fields should be briefly touched upon, at least to provide a source for more in-depth reading. Your theoretical framework provides some of this, but not enough. It fails to explain important LLM concepts such as overfitting and bias. These are explained to some extent in the RQ and SOTA. Moving them down and providing some sources would help the structure.

Your motivation enters with a good statistic, hooking the interest. However, it might start of focused too much on current issues, where some personal opinions seem to have slipped in ("Any manual approach, such as [...]"). These opinions may be important, but they definitely need a source. The same applies for "While this provides standardization, it fails to cater to high-performing students and students that are lagging behind". Presenting this as a fact also warrants a reference to show how big a problem it is. Your introduction of LLMs as a solution offers novel ideas and presents why they might solve the problem and, most importantly, why it is important to study their effectiveness. 

The SOTA also fulfils its purpose by presenting current research. The only criticism here is another opinion, which needs to be referenced or removed ("[...] but ultimately lacks the nuanced and interactive nature of human teachers").

Finally, your methodology section introduces and explains the methods you intend to use well. However, "fine-tuning and retrieval-augmented generation (RAG)" without any source or explanation seems out of place. There is also no mention of the most basic control of LLMs: prompting. 

The Schedule is also detailed well 

Oveh rall, your grammar shows some mistakes. There are many typos (for example: "[...], and only 11% strongly feels [...]" "Large-language models (LLMs) have to potential to be interactive companion [...]", "Adaptive learning platforms such as Duolingo or Khan Academy aimed to provide [...]"). The general structure is also sometimes repetitive (for example "[...] one single 'one-size-fits-all' [...]". "It could generate learning materials and adapt them based on how good the student is handling. It could also serve [...]"). Improving the writing style would help the reader to understand the content of the exposé more easily. You might want to reread your text or use tools (for example DeepL Write) to help you rewrite some parts.
