Summary
Your goal is to investigate how holographic AI bots could enhance customer servicec. You want the system to adress emotional aspects of human interactions but also be efficient in the automation process.
Motivation
The motivation has the goal to catch reader's interest, explain the specific problem and in which domain it occurs and also how the problem is currently handled. It should also state research questions explicitly and precisely.
The description of the problem was well written und understandable. The reader gets a good feeling for why the problem is relevant. The hook has important data, however it is rather short. Providing additional information, or asking the user a provocative question could help to catch the readers interest. 
Also, I was a bit surprised when you said you want to use holographic representations for the AI. If you state the ealier, the reader will not be surprised as much and makes more sense of the overall text.


Approach
This section has the goal to explain current State of the Art (SOTA) which tackles the problem, which critique the SOTA currently faces and also introduce necesary theoretical work on which your approach is based on. It should then clearly state what you want to do to tackle the problem, including challenges and limitations.
Your SOTA explanation is rather short, given that one parapgraph is basically a copy of the previous one. A more detailed SOTA helps understanding why your work is important. Maybe there is already work on holographs, or more in depth studies about AI chatbots (these are just examples).
You name relevant theories. It would be better if you describe them also and how they relate to your work. 
It is good that you make clear who is your target group. Your methods should however be more detailed, describing how your experiment will look like. Also, 50-100 participants is very unrealistic for a bachelor thesis, especially if you want to do qualitative interviews.   

Other
The claims of your work should be backed up by scientitifc literature, which is not the case for your Expose. You did not reference any scientific papers, which is absolutely necessary for the credibility of your work. 
