Summary:
The exposé examines the use of generative AI to create individual treatment recommendations in personalized medicine, in particular to create individual treatment recommendations. The aim is to close the gap between the availability of patient data and its practical use by developing interpretable and ethically responsible AI models.


Strength:
The motivation should explain to the reader why the chosen topic is relevant and which weakness the thesis wants to address. Your motivation is generally well structured and easy to understand. The text provides a strong hook and teaser that effectively engages the reader while providing a clear overview of the exposé.
It is very important to make it clear in an exposé what the aim of the work is in order to give the reader a precise understanding of the objectives. Your main research question is logically broken down into sub-questions, making the focus and aims of the study clear and understandable. 
The methodology describes how the individual research questions will be answered.  Your methodology is clear, detailed and directly linked to the sub-questions to ensure consistency between research design and objectives.
A well-organised exposé is crucial for clarity and readability. The overall structure of your text is logical and easy to follow.


Weakness:
The motivation should explain to the reader why the chosen topic is relevant and which weakness the thesis wants to address. Your motivation lacks depth with regard to the specifics, consequences and relevance of the problem. It also does not sufficiently address current approaches to the problem or criticisms of existing approaches. Read your motivation again carefully and try to supplement it with further facts and examples. Above all, ask yourself the following question: What are the consequences of this problem for society or individual groups of people?
The state-of-the-art should position your work against existing reasearch. Your SOTA section does not sufficiently emphasise the weaknesses of existing research. It should also be explained more clearly why closing these gaps is so relevant. Re-read the existing research and try to highlight the current weaknesses and problems in particular. 
Within the theoretical framework, the theories used in the thesis are presented and their relevance justified. Your theoretical framework contains a good structure, but could be more detailed. Expand your current draft with further explanations and, above all, try to strengthen the link to the identified problem. 
The methodology explains how the research questions will be answered. Although your methodology is well structured, the difficulties and limitations of each method are not properly addressed. Look at your methodology again and consider the challenges that may arise with each method. 
The time schedule is used to plan the thesis in advance to see whether it is possible in the short time available. It is therefore very important that all aspects of the thesis are included. The writing of the thesis is missing in your time schedule. Think about which chapters all belong in a thesis and when they should best be written. 
In scientific papers, it is very important to have standardised terminology so that the reader is not confused. The terminology in your work is not standardised. If an abbreviation is introduced, it should be used from then on. Read your exposé carefully and pay attention to all the abbreviations you have introduced. You can use the search function to help you. 
