Review of Expose "The role of gender in intelligent virtual assistants and its impact on reducing task load"

The topic is relevant and specific enough. Additionally, the State-of-the-Art is well represented. But there are several parts that need further elaboration especially the theoretical framework.

Summary
In this expose, the focus lies on analyzing the impact of gender of intelligent virtual assistants as guidance for the desert survival problem, a team building exercise where participants try to rank 15 items based on their importance when stranded in the desert.  The study will conduct an experiment with several students and virtual assistants, simulating the desert survival problem, to analyze the effect of the virtual assistants gender.

Strengths and Weaknesses
The hook should introduce the reader to the topic in an engaging and thought-provoking way.
It should specifically highlight how virtual assistance can help in the desert survival problem and the role of the AI's gender.
To have a successful hook it should be exciting and leave the reader in an attentive state, thinking about the struggle of survival in such extreme conditions.
While explaining the desert survival problem is essential to introduce the reader into the topic it seems rather abstract and a clear connection to the expose's topic is missing.
A more concrete situation might engage the reader more and illustrate the impact of virtual assistants in a survival context.
Additionally, the reader could understand the benefits of guidance by gender specific virtual assistants better and it would strengthen the introduction.
To improve your hook, focus on creating concrete and emotional examples that bring the topic to life. A potential challenge could be to describe a situation which connects all three important keys: 
1. Extreme survival situation, 2. Virtual AI guidance by reducing task load, 3. The role of the gender of virtual AI in such case.
By considering these aspects, you can enhance the impact of your hook and engage your audience more effectively.

The aim of the theoretical framework is, to present theoretical concepts that have some kind of relation with the expose's topic.
The concept should be clearly demonstrated and put in combination with importance of gender in virtual assistance.
To be successful, it should have a good structure, first presenting the concept and then set in relation with the topic.
It is good that you refer to many different papers, providing the reader with a clear understanding of the current state of art.
However, the theoretical framework is neglected, since it currently seems like it is missing entirely.
The only part that might resemble a theoretical framework is paragraph six of your approach "Craiut et al. [2] also emphasize on the role of stereotypes...", but this reference was already used in your SOTA so it doesn't introduce any general concept.
It would make sense to refer to a concept, which helps to understand correlations between the topic and general theories to establish a solid foundation.
To further improve your theoretical skill, you should view various concepts such as gender theory or sociolinguistic frameworks, and explicitly demonstrate how they relate to virtual assistance.
This approach will strength the theoretical framework and helps you to gain a deeper understanding of critical problems that are connected to gender dynamics in virtual assistance, enabling you to address these issues more effectively in your research.

In the penultimate paragraph of the methodology, you elaborate that the target population will focus on students of TU Darmstadt.
The goal is to define a clear selection progress for participants in the experiment.
It should aim to ensure diversity regarding gender, age and cultural background to enhance generalizability.
To have a successful selection, it should contain these aspects while also be practical.
While specifically selecting students of TU Darmstadt might seem practical and ensures variety in gender and cultural background, the factor of age is neglected. 
Most students are in their early 20s, which represents a specific demographic population.
A broader selection in terms of age ensures that the findings aren't limited to only this specific group of population.
To improve the generalizability among the participants you should focus on selecting a variety of people with different backgrounds.
A potential challenge might be the inclusion of both children and elderly people, as they are unlikely to be students at TU Darmstadt. However, it is important that these demographics are included to further ensure generalizability.
By critically considering participant the selecting you will be able to gain more robust results, leading to optimization in your final evaluation.

The motivation contains all important parts, providing a good introduction into the topic.
The SOTA refers to a lot of papers and demonstrates them clearly, which further helps to understand current research gaps.
Additionally, the experiment within the methodology is really detailed and illustrates a practical way to answer mentioned research questions.
Furthermore, the schedule seems well structured and the addition of a buffer in week 16 is a good way to be safe for unexpected events.

Others
First of all, there might be some problems regarding the page count, because motivation and approach should add up to three pages at most, but currently these add up to four pages.
In your SOTA in the third paragraph you refer to social presence and social richness but don't explain what exactly that means. It might be helpful to add a short explanation since readers might not be familiar with these terms.



