Summary:
The authors suggest investigating the effectiveness of attacks on LLM-based grading systems via prompt injection. However, the expose is incomplete, so I cannot provide a full summary based on the given content.

Weaknesses:
A research proposal is an important blueprint for the project you're about to start, and it should reflect your motivation and interest in the topic, your complete knowledge of the current state of research in the field, and how you'll apply some unique methodology to explore the research holes you say you've found. However, I found none of this information in the two subsections of the proposal which should be greatly improved by presenting detailed research gaps, defining more specific research questions, addressing the problems faced by SOTA, and a feasible experimental plan that demonstrates some expertise.
As this proposal is extremely incomplete and lacks the necessary effort, I can't give very specific advice on how to improve it. I would just suggest to the author that you need to put more effort into it, because such a research proposal is one that you will need before you write your thesis later on. Maybe you can start with some brainstorming or simple discussions with LLM to make your ideas feasible and more concrete. You can do this by analysing the literature and reading at least 5 papers that are very relevant to your topic, looking closely at the structure and content in their introduction, related works, theoretical framework and methodology, and then you'll probably know how to write an exposé.

Others:
In addition to some more routine advice, I wanted to write some unconventional feedback because this is the shortest exposé I've seen so far, and I felt the need to give you more suggestions. I think the author can find a really interesting point for him-/herself, but there's still a big difference between such an interesting research point and a potential research gap, and you need to do a certain amount of work to turn that interesting point you observe into a proper scientific research gap, or else we'll get the current one like this. I think you've referenced a few papers in Prompt Injection and LLM Grading Manipulation, and you could invest more time in reading them, finding more related work (~10 papers), looking at the semantic structure of these scientific papers (especially those published on arxiv) in terms of how each section is written, which will help you a lot in this expose. At the same time, you can learn more about when, where and how to cite literature. This exercise will help you develop good research habits for the future. I hope you have enough time to revise this project proposal after receiving the feedback. All the best of luck.
