Summary:
This exposé explores how LLMs such as ChatGPT can be used in education to create personalised practice tasks based on the students' individual weaknesses. The aim of the research is to evaluate the effectiveness and accuracy of tasks generated by LLMs, to identify ethical and technical challanges, and to investigate how LLMs can support teachers in the creation of practice material. 


Strength:
A well-organised exposé is crucial for clarity and readability. Your exposé is generally well-structured, making it easy to read and understand. The transitions between sections are smooth, and the logical progression of ideas is clear.
The motivation should explain to the reader why the chosen topic is relevant and which weakness the thesis wants to address. Your motivation begins with a strong hook that will grab the interest of potential readers. The section also highlights the fundamental problems and their relevance.
 It is very important to make it clear in an exposé what the aim of the work is in order to give the reader a precise understanding of the objectives. This was achieved very well in this exposé through the well-formulated research questions.
The methodology describes how the individual research questions will be answered. The methodology is explained in great detail and the steps are well structured. It gives a clear outlook on how the research will be conducted.


Weakness:
The motivation should explain to the reader why the chosen topic is relevant and which weakness the thesis wants to address. Your motivation may be well structured, but it still lacks information about how the problem is dealt with in existing research or practice. To do this, read up on current research again and try to find out how it is currently being dealt with.
The state-of-the-art should position your work against existing research. Your SOTA is incomplete. It is important to explain the relevance of the topic and to point out the current weaknesses/gaps in this area. Read the state-of-the-art again and look for the current gaps and weaknesses.
The methodology describes how the individual research questions will be answered. The methodology for the third sub-question is not explained in sufficient detail. It would be helpful to clarify exactly what will be done to answer this question. Look at your third sub-question again and think about how it could best be answered. Now read through your methodology section again and supplement it with further information. In addition, your methodology is generally well outlined, but the possible difficulties or limitations of the approach should be discussed. Think about what challenges you might encounter with these methods. The best way to do this is to search for their disadvantages.
The time schedule is used to plan the thesis in advance to see whether it is possible in the short time available. It is therefore very important that all aspects of the thesis are included. The writing of the thesis is missing in your time schedule. Think about which chapters all belong in a thesis and when they should best be written. 
