Summary:
The paper discusses using ChatGPT or other LLMs for individualized exercise creation in a school environment from grades one through twelve. For this purpose, it works with teachers and education students to evaluate the results and interview them about using LLMs in their workflow and whether they have already used them. Furthermore, the paper researches whether LLMs have downsides regarding data privacy or usability.

Strengths:
A compelling hook is essential for a strong exposé and is crucial in the motivation section. This exposé achieves this by presenting a study that reveals unexpected findings or introduces a novel discovery. The exposé successfully begins with an engaging hook that captures the reader's attention.

Weaknesses:
A tentative title that aligns well with the topic is crucial for an exposé. It not only grabs the reader's attention but also provides clarity about the thematic focus. A creative and engaging title lays the foundation for a compelling exposé.
"Human Learning - How Machines Train Humans" does capture the reader's interest. However, the issue lies in the fact that the phrase "how machines train humans" does not fully align with your topic and sets a wrong focus. While an LLM creates the exercises, it does not directly train humans, it merely generates the learning material. Additionally, the title is quite broad and lacks clearly defined boundaries. It would be better if you focus the title clearly indicated the specific topic the reader can expect from the paper. A way to improve your title would be to look at your exposé, think about what it is about, and get creative about a pregnant title that convinces a person to read your paper. To determine whether the title sets the proper focus, you can reflect on what the title conveys without any additional context or ask a third party to read the title and share their opinions.

An essential part of the approach is the theoretical framework, which lays the ground for problem investigation and should align with your methodology. As outlined in our "Guidelines for Your Exposé" slides, these theories should include a brief description and a clear explanation of their relevance to your research question. In your exposé, you mention several theories but do not provide sufficient descriptions. Furthermore, you must show a parallel between your paper and the theoretical frameworks. Instead, you state that integrating LLMs in educational workflows raises ethical issues, followed by listing the theories without further context. To better understand what is required for a strong theoretical framework, you can revisit the slides provided by the organizers. For self-assessment, refer to the evaluation criteria for the framework, then review your section to ensure you have included all the key elements. This way, you can be sure if you missed something.

Others:
Your paper has some inconsistencies in the citations (e.g., sometimes the citation is placed before the period, and other times after it).
There are instances where you use personal pronouns, which could reduce the formality and objectivity of the paper (e.g., "We will also explore the question..." or "...which we recruit teachers...").




This work was created independently and was linguistically revised with the help of Grammarly/ChatGPT.
