Summary:
This study aims at enhancing existing LLMs with dynamic emotional capabilities to detect students' realtime cognitive and emotional states and adapt appropriately in a classroom setting

Strengths:
If you cited properly (see weakness section), the whole motivation section would be great, as you clearly show limitations in current methods and how you want to tackle them
Your study design is presented in detail, and makes a lot of sense in order to answer your research question

Weaknesses:
Scientific writing is only scientific with a proper citation style. In many places, you did not cite (maybe because you didn't want to repeat yourselves too often) which is both very dangerous from a plagiarism perspective and sometimes very unclear what is your opinion and what not. Over-citing is better than under-citing :)
All expressions and terms used should be explained to the reader if you can't assume them to know. You never introduced what current adaptive learning systems are (are we talking about desktop apps, LLMs, classroom/individual setting etc), and you sometimes cited prior work without explaining what it actually is about. Always go through your text from a reader's perspective when proofreading, and consider whether all concepts have been explained in a way that someone can understand your expose without any prior knowledge about adaptive learning systems/pedagogical concepts in general.
The theoretical framework should serve as the base for your development. I did not really see why the theoretical framework was important for your thesis. If you plan to use it in the design process of your "AI system", try to do back-references to the theoretical framework so it becomes clear why you introduced them
The RQ should always give structure for the rest of the expose. As you changed however from your research question (at the very beginning) to a different focus (the development of a new system/framework), it created some confusion to me which is your main focus. If you re-structure the motivation section a bit, you might be able to give better structure for the overall expose.
