This paper reimagines the process of designing a personal medicine plan. Using an AI, it intends to improve on personalized healthcare in the field of diagnosis, treatment planning as well as provide data to advance medical research in general.

The paper shows how GenAI already made improvements to medical fields. A future outline where it will improve "drug discovery, [...] diagnostic accuracy, and [...] predictive and preventive care" was presented in a understandable and convincing manner.
It also excellently in-detail describes what existing technology and previous work GenAI is already using or will be improved with.

The methodology should explain in-detail how the required information on the RQ will be collected in order to answer it. Especially in a paper about AI in medical fields, is very important as, apart from the way of answering the RQ, it may also imply which range of RQ it will be able to answer. This means this Methodology should yield the information needed to answer how the AI will be able to enhance personalized healthcare.
A source-research-based approach to answering the RQ is a great choice for collecting information, especially about the state-of-the-art development. This approach however may lack the practical aspects of how medical staff are expecting the AI to assist them when treating a patient. Developing/Enhancing the AI without feedback from medical staff and doctors poses the risk of the AI steering functionality-wise into a dead end or failing to cover the needed functionality for professional use with patient by staff. A study with certified medical staff and/or doctors at the very least would allow feedback and a strengthened priorisation of certain features/functionalities over other. 
In order to make sure that you find the ideal composition regarding the methodology, you should concentrate on what result which methodology would yield if you applied it. From the different direction, an in-depth analysis on what information you need to answer every subsection of your RQ would show you how extensive the range of needed information is (in regard to different ways to conduct the answering of the RQ). This self-revied might even lead to you concretizing your RQ, though the awareness of which methodology is needed works just as well. 

Writing a well though-through schedule is important to keep track of your progress as well as identify time-consuming tasks or tasks that could unexpectedly take more time. One should be confident about the time schedule, if some tasks are tougher than other then the time schedule should show that that tougher task has more time allocated. If there is a feeling of having to rush a task before it even begins, a reevaluation of the time table might be needed. While allocating 2 weeks for every task makes planning easy, it's rarely the case that every task is going to take the same amount of time. Putting trust into a un-balanced time schedule might result in short tasks taking away valuable time that would be needed for a task that takes longer. Some tasks like f.e. "Expose Finalization" seem like a much simpler task than f.e. "Results Analysis & Initial Discussion" that however has the same amount of time allocated. 
Try to focus more on the tasks that need to be done and how much time they are going to take. Imagine yourself starting work on the task and estimate the extent of it. Comparing it to previous work on similar topics or that contains similar tasks might make it easier for you to estimate how long the tasks are going to take and even make reestimating other tasks (also in the future) easier.

Occasionally, the end of a sentence is not marked with a ".".
