Summary:
This work aims to investigate the impact that LLM-AI coding tools can have on the learning success of novice software developers, especially when the tools do not directly present solutions, but rather guide novices through the problem-solving process. In order to fill the identified research gap, a qualitative study will be conducted with computer science students whose learning success will be measured by completing tasks and an exam for a less popular programming language. The students will be divided into different groups that will be allowed to use different resources for working and learning: web resources, state-of-the-art AI coding tools and an LLM-AI coding tutor developed as part of the study. The performance of these groups will be examined and compared in order to answer the research questions about the learning success of novice software developers using the LLM-AI coding tutor.

Strength 1:
The exposé is easy to read and follows a clear structure thanks to appropriately divided paragraphs. Content components such as hook, anchor, teaser, SOTA, own position and methodology are clearly recognizable and are interwoven with a “roter Faden” that makes the text easy to understand.

Weakness 1:
The aim of the qualitative study should be to collect meaningful and reliable data that can be used as a basis for further analysis, i.e. to compare the impact of the different support methods on the participants' learning. To make the data as meaningful as possible, the largest possible number of participants should be selected so that the individual characteristics of each participant do not distort the results and make it difficult to compare the groups.
Although the qualitative study seems to be very feasible due to the number of participants of 30 students, this rather small number of participants can limit the significance of the results, especially if the participants are divided into three groups of 10 participants each. In this case, you should try to increase the number of participants.
In the context of a bachelor thesis, it should be possible to recruit 60–90 participants in the "recruitment" phase (for which two weeks are planned in the schedule), especially if the invitation to participate is published in appropriate channels, e.g. in discord channels or after a lecture.

Weakness 2:
In order to make your own thesis as transparent and credible as possible, the exposé should address the difficulties, limitations and weaknesses of your own work and methodology. This allows you to discover weaknesses in your own work that you were previously unaware of. It can also demonstrate the ability to self-reflect and build confidence in the results of one's own work.
However, the text does not mention any difficulties in implementation or weaknesses in methodology. The assessment criteria for the exposé in this module include points for identifying difficulties and limitations, which you may not receive for this version of the text. Here, you should add a paragraph in the approach section that adds the missing critical reflection on the study and methodology.
For example, you could mention that when conducting a final exam to measure learning progress, it can be difficult to causally attribute the performance of different groups to the use of their respective tool.

Other (no real ‘weaknesses’):
Abbreviations should always be explained to aid understanding and flow. In the Approach section, the first paragraph lacks an explanation for the abbreviation 'MOOCs'. You may want to write out the acronym here so that it is clear what the CS50.ai was designed for and why it is relevant to your field.

Also, in the first paragraph of the Approach section, 'However' is used twice in a row to start a sentence. You should use a different word here, perhaps 'But' or 'Yet'.

A little further down in the same section, 'less popular languages' is mentioned as a research gap, but it wasn't immediately clear to me without reading the following sentences whether this was a natural language or a programming language. You should try to be clearer here and write 'programming languages' for example.

Reference 3 in the bibliography differs visually from the other references in that the title is in italics, whereas in the other references it is in quotation marks. You should use a consistent citation style here and also include the title of the publication in quotation marks.



I have translated parts of this peer review with DeepL and improved the language with DeepL Write (deepl.com).
