Summary: 
This exposé presents an exploration of the strengths and weaknesses of LLM-Agents in personalised education, identifying the opportunities and challenges of LLM-Agents in educational use scenarios by comparing them with traditional teaching setups.

Strengths:
This paper addresses the very precise positioning of the current application of LLM-Agent in education in the motivation part, i.e., in a personalised private education scenario. The proposed research questions broadly address this aspect.

Weaknesses:
The first issue I noticed in this expose is the relevance and number of literature/papers cited. Literature analysis is an important part of research in all fields, as it helps you to understand the history of an unfamiliar field, the current state of development, the theoretical framework, as well as the specific experimental methods and techniques you could employ in your project. The author was well motivated in choosing the topic of LLM-Agents for personalised/private education, but in the motivation part, several claims lack citation support, despite the use of words such as "the existing methods ...". Also in the SOTA and theoretical foundations, there is a lack of citations, which indicates that the author needs to look for more related work on this (related) topic. It's also worth looking carefully at the structure and content of the papers (e.g. how and what they write in SOTA, how they introduce related work, etc.).
The second issue is about your research questions. The core of your research project, as I understand it, is that you want to identify the strengths and weaknesses of the LLM-Agent in this application scenario, as well as explore potential enhancement options by comparing the LLM-Agent with traditional teaching methods (through interviews and questionnaires, etc.). As a research project in computer science, I don't see any concrete plans for software or algorithms that you need to carry out in this project, and no research questions for the algorithms themselves, but rather just using the LLM-Agent as an application, which isn't a very good habit for your major, as it seems to be more like something that researchers from education or sociology would be working on, especially in combination with your methodology. I would suggest that you could raise some more detailed and in-depth research questions on a technical aspect to make your project more solid and professional.

Others:
Not really a criticism or a compliment, but I would say that if you decide to include more technical research questions about the algorithms or the agent instance itself in your research proposal, you should definitely include the appropriate SOTA in the approach section, the theoretical foundations, and a detailed description in the method design of how you would further implement it and how you would overcome potential technical challenges.
