Summary: In this research proposal, the authors suggest the use of multimodal generative AI to provide personalised healthcare treatments for patients.

Strengths:
The report is quite clear in its analysis of the current progress made in the field as well as the remaining problems, and the research questions raised are very specific, especially the sub-research questions which address many aspects of the main research question that may arise during the investigation.
The motivation for the report is clear and the techniques used for multimodal construction are appropriate and detailed. This demonstrates the author's knowledge of multimodality and the field of health technology.
In the methodology, the author explicitly asks for additional protection of sensitive data to avoid ethical issues and propose relevant machine learning solutions.

Weaknesses:
The first problem I encountered with this project at first glance was the amount of literature cited. Literature analysis is an important part of research in any field, as it helps you understand the history of an unfamiliar field, the current state of development, the theoretical framework, and the specific experimental methods and techniques employed. The authors were well motivated in their choice of topic, but the detail of the project description was clearly not proportional to the number of citations. This resulted in many correct statements and conclusions that lacked support in the literature. I suggest the authors look for more related papers and carefully read the structure and content of them, and and add citations after the claims where they should be.
The research questions are the main motivation for the project and the tasks they reflect should be feasible within your workload. Personally, I am happy with the granularity of the sub-research questions, but the research questions seem a little too wide for a Bachelor's thesis research project, as you have to consider whether you can do everything in 30 weeks, including collecting data, optimising the model, and evaluating the model, as well as the privacy and ethical issues you have to consider. I would suggest that you focus your analysis on just a few of the sub-research questions.
The methodology is the core of your project, it's about what will be done in the experiments, what is expected in the results and what measures should be taken to ensure that potential problems and challenges can be solved. I'm mostly happy with the detail in the methodology section, but it's chaotically structured, even the critical steps don't address any research questions, you have to mention which RQ could be answered by which tasks. It feels like the brainstorming outlines I usually ask ChatGPT to generate for me. I would suggest that the author review some realistic work in the field and reconstruct the methods part based on what you learn from other publications.
Based on the methodology section (especially 2.8 and 2.9), I am confident enough to assume that this work was done with significant assistance from GenAI. Technically, we can't forbid it, and we won't. We just want to know that if you do, you are required under TUDa's KI-Einsatz policy to report this in your ethics statement at the end of the work. I'm not quite sure exactly how the methods section was constructed, but it seems to me that an LLM was used to help create the technical methods outline for the project. If this is the case, I would suggest that you explicitly state this in a separate section after the bibliography. And, I would suggest that you carefully study the AI-generated content and adapt the content to your task, removing unnecessary content, also improving what is not appropriate.
