Summary
This exposé proposes an investigation on how personalized feedback systems, integrated into Large-Language-Models (LLM's), might improve the learning outcomes of mathematical students. It first establishes the relevance of this question by identifying the importance of individual adaptive feedback and the lack of it in LLM's. Then, a clear methodology using qualitative and quantitative methods is explained, that will be followed in order to shed light on what actual improvements can be achieved by this integration. The focus of the study lies on collecting student feedback and reviewing potential performance differences.

Strengths
The introductory example is excellently chosen and clearly establishes the setting where the proposed research question is explored. It also highlights the relevance of the problem, by indicating that the educational success of students is at stake and could potentially be improved by investigating the issue at hand.

The state of the art (SOTA) regarding the exploration of LLM's teaching abilities and especially the literature on individual adaptive feedback is extensively listed. Additionally, the lack of integration of these adaptive feedback algorithms into LLM's is identified as the gap, that needs further research and development.

While explaining the methodology that will be used to tackle the research question, the possible challenges regarding data privacy and data quality are mentioned. Furthermore, it is explained, what measures will be taken to prevent these pitfalls from negatively influencing the research.

Weaknesses
It is crucial for the motivation section to establish the relevance of your research question. Therefore, it is highly important to explain, what consequences would follow, if LLM's were able to provide better feedback and to help teach a student the art of problem-solving. This is not quite clear however. It is only proposed, that closing this gap between the abilities of LLM's and teachers is the goal of your research, but not exactly why closing this gap is relevant for the learning outcomes of students. So a thorough explanation as to what good consequences might follow by closing this gap, would be enormously helpful to the reader. Simply showcasing that students currently perform better when being taught by teachers instead of LLM's might be sufficient for this purpose.

Additionally, the domain of the problem should be explained, such that the reader is introduced to concepts that are important for understanding. This is especially important in the motivation part, since the reader needs to know the basic concepts of what connects feedback and learning, as well as why the method of a teacher is superior to that of current static-feedback LLM's in order to be able to follow the rest of the exposé. However, this is not quite clearly explained. The motivation section could be drastically improved, if it would contain a short explanation of what it takes to teach effectively, why individual feedback is so important and why teachers are superior to LLM's in this regard. 

When defining a research question or a sub-research question, it should be clear to the reader, how this question will be answered. The outline of the methodology should therefore explain in detail the approach to tackling each sub-research question. Regarding sub-research question 2 ("What type of adaptive feedback works best to increase participation and lessen negative feelings during the learning process?"), it is not quite clear what the different types of adaptive feedback are and in what way they differ from each other. This issue could easily be improved by shortly explaining these different types of adaptive feedback and how they will be implemented, tested and reviewed.


