Feed up:
Through the actual weakness of some AI technologies, the main idea is to investigate Holographic AI for personal assistance (HAIPA) and combine some of them to improve the performance of Holographic AI. 
By examining the question of trust towards HAIPA as well as the advantages to voice AI assistants (VAIA), the method is very direct and practical. Morevers, the expose’s structure covers all needed components and the content is also in detail written: motivation is very convincing, approach method is clear and the time table is good scheduling. 
Feedback: 
The idea of combining the results of many other researches is a good first step.
However, the connection between them is still unstable. The goal of combining each pair of research is not explained clearly, and the impact of metrics is still in doubt. Moreover, the method of each pair of researches should be deepened in order to bring out better results. 
The research method has many theories but lack of practical relevance, which questions the real result. There are many listed risks, which can help the method look more reliable, but how to deal with it is not clearly explained.
Also it would be useful to specifically involve people with direct experience in Holographic AI to the interview, in order to obtain more practical answers.
Feed forward: 
To further develop the methodological skills, the way to combine quantitative interviews supported by metrics to measure trust and improvements should be focused more. 
A targeted challenge would be to develop a more detailed list of questions and standards for the interview. Also you should analyse more about the impact of all research to your research to make better answers for research questions. The structure of expose should also be rearranged. 
By critically analyzing the result of interviews and the impact of risks, you can strengthen your self-regulation. This reflection enables you to independently optimize and continuously refine your approaches in order to achieve more well-founded results.

Based on many other researches, the author uses some important factors to analyse how further advancements in holographic technology can be used to create HAIPAs. The combination of quantitative interview, quantitative studies and metrics will be the main support to this research. 
Strength: 
Good motivation
The idea is explained clearly
A lot of researches were included 
Weakness: 
The table which shows other research is not in order. This makes the expose very confusing to read and hard to follow the main idea. 
Impact of other research is not described clearly, although I understand your idea. 
The standard to choose interviewers is not written, which may affect the result.


