The goal of the motivation is to get the readers interested in the research and give them an idea what it is about.
The hook is to catch the attention of the reader and introduce the reader to the problem. The first sentence in the hook with a drastic increase from 1 in 150 to 1 in 44 with the percentage figure of an increase of 240% is brief but concise and highlights the problem in the ASD audience very well.

In the fourth paragraph of the motivation section the severity of the life for people with ASD is being explained, and with the fifth paragraph the bridge to the research topic is made. This connection is a great example. The fourth paragraph can be more brief in order to extend the fifth paragraph. It is written in the fourth paragraph, in the last sentence:
[...] require high engagement of caregivers and often come with high costs.
An additional pro vers con argument in the fifth paragraph would support captivating the reader in terms of how beneficial holographic AI in AR can really be.


In the second chapter "Approach" the goal is to showcase how it is planned to tackle the research questions. In order to do this successfully it is needed to be specific on what methodologies will be used, how the theory will be incorporatedin the research and highlight the current SOTA and how the work is positioned in this domain and benefits the community.
In the SOTA section the first three paragraphs show the emphasize the relevance of the research topic well. Followed by the fourth and fifth paraph listing the points of criticism of the current SOTA and then bridging with the sixth paragraph to the positioning of work. This SOTA section therefor delivers a good overview to the reader. In order to improve this further one can extend the reference to existing work and position the SOTA in academia more precise by showing what was tried. E.g. the mentioned
digital training methods  
in the second paragraph can be expanded.


In order to improve the expose, the recommendation would be to go through the structure of each section again in order to catch the parts the expose is missing. It is also advisable to talk to one of the PhDs in this field for another peer review. This way an improvement by closing potential missing gaps in the paper is possible.
