Summary

The work is to investigate to what extent the quality and diversity of the data have an influence on the personalised treamtment plans. 

Strengths

It is important to formulate the research questions so precisely that the reader has a clear understanding of the objective of the research. Specifying the exact aspects (e.g. for training data quality) is very helpful in contributing to this understanding, very good.
It is also important to give the research a theoretical framework in order to show a clear approach towards the research. Your introduced theory is very well suited to the topic and is sufficiently explained to understand how appropriate it is.
Providing third parties with access to the text and explaining technical terms is also important, which is what happened in the coding example.

Weaknesses

It is important to ensure that standardised and comprehensible terminology is used in scientific texts. In your text, mistakes are made in misspelling (e.g. capitalisation), in the specification of abbreviations (e.g. GenAI, GANs, ...) or in the use of complicated expressions (e.g. ‘generative AI-generated’). Read through the text again carefully and concentrate on one of the aspects mentioned to improve the quality of the text.
The purpose of the exposé is to convey a clear understanding of what is to be achieved with the research. This is possible by ensuring that the individual sections are consistent with each other. Topics and/or questions are repeatedly raised (e.g. "limited research on how healthcare professionals incorporate AI-generated recommendations"), but are then not investigated in the end. Problem, research question and method should be better aligned. For example, based on the defined research question, it can be helpful to review the content and omit unnecessary details.
Possible problems should be identified in the methodology in order to minimise them in advance by describing how to tackle them. For example, if a target group of ‘healthcare professionals’ is defined, thought should be given to how to find, recruit and, for example, compensate them. It can help to look at similar papers with studies and see who has already taken part in such studies.
The purpose of the timetable is to determine in advance whether the study is feasible. To this end, iterative thoughts should be given to whether the individual tasks fit and answer the research question. Some of the tasks are very lengthy, which could be problematic in terms of time. It is also not clear which task answers which research question (here the timetable consider producing new research questions). The timetable should also be coordinated with the relevant study regulations. At TUDa, papers no longer have to be printed.

Other

The subtitle is missing, either you define one or you hide it.
The schedule table should be formatted in the same width.
