The text uses multiple phrases not suitable for scientific writing. For instance, starting with two rhetorical questions or “Improving general health, one small step at a time” are empty phrases not contributing to the topic and should be avoided. Similar phrases like “trying to improve” or “may generate” are not suited for academic writing. The author is doing something and not trying to do something.


The Motivation has some weird constructions of sentences throughout, making the text hard to read and sometimes making them ambiguous. For example, “Nevertheless, this implies that there are numerous medical issues, although maybe perceived as not that important, which are not being cared for properly, leading to overall worse quality of health” – or – “Using a large language model (LLM), which is fine-tuned to help with common, easy to diagnose medical problems and capable of outputting reliable information and treatment plans could be an easy, fast, and essentially good way to get medical attention, if that would be otherwise hindered by the aforementioned factors”. Also, the motivation introduces a categorization with no background provided on how the author came up with it or on which paper it is based.

Further, the Motivation builds upon an LLM “outputting reliable information”. Even current state-of-the-art LLMs are not able to achieve this in any task. The risk of introducing errors or hallucinations is too high and is completely ignored in the introduction. This raises serious questions about the overall approach and its validity.

Finally, the motivation ends with a big firework of stating different things about LLMs, partially completely nuking the author’s own approach, and leaving the reader with no idea what the paper is about. The last three sentences first create a dystopia of a perfect LLM, then destroy it, and finally try to explain what their own work is about in about 10 words. This way, the reader has no idea what the authors try to achieve.

This leads to the follow-up issue of the research question being very specific and narrowly focused on muscle injuries of soccer players. Until this point, there was no introduction to why this is a relevant group and why this should be considered. Also, RQ 1.2 seems to be unrelated to the overall topic. Why is it interesting to know the “minimum viable dataset”?

Overall, the text is really short and lacks detail. Sometimes it is very specific on which version of LLM to be used, and sometimes the text just does not mention any detail, like “the medical guidelines in quality” needed to be considered as a success. This is a common issue with texts not relating to previous work and using external sources. The authors provide two scientific sources. Way too few to put the whole work into context.
