Review: Giving intelligence a Face

The given exposé proposes research into the reception of different kinds of appearances for holographic assistants
based on artificial intelligence (AI), including ethical questions, to define a guideline for these systems. They are
supposed to provide an alternative to current text based and graphical user interfaces (GUIs) in the hope of increasing
the adoption rate of AI assistants.

Starting off with strengths: your exposé manages to communicate key arguments precisely. You list necessary citations
and facts, lay them out and elaborate on them and make sensible conclusions from those. Such cases are marked
green in CARE to not bloat the review up. Here are two sections worthy of a highlight.
The anchor in the motivation should give context about the problem and describes previous attempts at solving it. The
section juxtaposes the rapid progress of AI technologies with studies about AI chatbot usage rates, raising questions
about this disparity and correctly identifying a analogous development with GUIs, convincingly transitioning into this 
next aspect and focusing on its role of technology adoption. At last the section makes a case for holographic AI.
This lays out the solid groundwork for your upcoming research project, making clear that there is a historical
precedent.
The other highlight can be found in the approach. The state of the art should collect works done in the area and
position your project. Again, you cite various papers and put their key statements against each other, ending with a
reasonable conclusion for your research and reuse of some findings there for a theoretical framework. All in all, this
makes for a compelling line of thought and sets up domain knowledge for your methodology.

Moving on to weaknesses: the hook of your motivation should give the reader a first impression about the extent of an
problem or describe some vision the project wants to realise. It consists of very simple statements creating a bridge
between the topic and fiction but after that, the text does not capitalise on this idea. Instead, various statements
about the current state of AI affairs are made, dismissing your hook and not fulfilling one's expectations. Try
creating a bridge between fiction and reality by elaborating the steps towards realising them. This requires an
expansion of the hook and anchor in this section.
A crucial aspect of the motivation is the teaser that sets the scope of the project with realistic and clear research 
questions (RQs). The RQs are not clearly written out; beginning with something that looks like a research question
("[...] if a holographic AI assistant is beneficial to users and [...]"), from which the text backs down from by 
narrowing the scope down to investigating the look and feel of such system with user interaction. After that, there 
is some context about this more suited in the anchor prior and, at last, it jumps to declaring the discussion of 
ethical questions and the creation of a guideline for holographic AI systems as RQs. This deludes the line of thought
in the paragraph and leaves the reader with unclear expectations going into the approach. Their broad nature reinforces
this problem, e.g. wanting to assess how an assistant should look and sound cannot be done in general, only on a per 
use basis. Rewrite the RQs into bullet points, move explanations up to the anchor and redefine the focus for your
research.

On that topic, we will focus on the methodology. It should describe a credible way, i.e. research possible in the 24 
week time frame of a thesis, and sensible methods towards answering the research questions. The need for a testing
platform is stated, sensible at first glance. The problem herein lies in the implication that this makes the time
needed unpredictable; there are no arguments for this notion in this exposé. From this statement onwards, multiple
possible models are listed, diluting the certainty and confidence in the project. If such consideration of uncertainty
is absolutely necessary, than it must be elaborated. Furthermore, scale down on the assistants used and be certain to
use them; this may include arguments about technical feasibility, to mention an example.
Another note about the methodology will put a focus on the study process. As already stated, the section should contain
methods making progress to answer RQs. Some of those are of questionable use, like adjusting the assistant's LLM 
parameters during the study in multiple different ways or heart rate monitoring of participants; they lack
sufficient justification in the context of your research, especially a description about potential effects on results.
Adding the missing context with respect to the RQs with a focus on connecting methods and theory would legitimize
the methods.
To make a case for your research, the exposé require precise methods for substantial evaluation. Besides the deficits
above, some parts of the study are only covered in shallow terms; examples are marked in CARE, found on page 4. They
all share the fact that they do not make use of the given theoretical framework, especially metrics. This make 
evaluation difficult, thus the research is at risk. Elaborating on the methods as processes and connecting them to the
theory is highly recommended.

At last, some miscellaneous notes. The schedule should be a detailed and precise plan for conducting your proposed
research. It contains some parts that are uncertain, like an undefined amount of study participants, which pose a risk
in the project. Clear up such uncertainties as much as possible.
A scientific text should be formatted, have a good language style and proper citation style. That is dubious at some
parts: The text lacks paragraphs which would separate lines of thought from each other, making it hard to read. The
abbreviation HCI, Human-Computer-Interaction, is misspelled with "hci", and citations appear multiple times in the same
sentence or are cluttered together. Other things like typos are marked in CARE.

All in all, the exposé makes convincing arguments for research into holographic AI assistants, especially citing a
similar development prior (GUIs), demonstrating a vision. It is sadly falling short in formulating substantial research
questions of planning the research out to gather usable results.

