Summary:
This project proposal aims to explore the integration of Large Language Models (LLMs) to create personalized learning paths for students by examining existing technologies, developing new applications, and using iterative feedback to optimize the learning process tailored to individual needs.

Strength 
1) The opening sentence about the explosion of AI technologies in 2022 sets the stage for the relevance of the proposal. It is aligned with ongoing advancements in AI and its increasing role in education
2) The proposal follows a logical flow

Weaknesses
(Missing parts) -bibliography, research question
			In scientific writing, one of the most important things is citing the claims and ideas to provide evidence, demonstrate engagement, give credit to the work of other researchers and make your own work more credible for readers.
The proposal lacks of citations to support the claims made. For instance, there is nothing in the bibliography listed at the end. Claimed facts are not cited at all -except the one article inspired for fundamental formula-. Without citations, the points you raise come across as opinions rather than evidence-based insights, which can weaken the academic value of your work. In this proposal, using educational studies could validate your points. 

(language)- long sentences, tone
			In general, using long sentences could make the ideas harder to understand for readers and ensuring academic tone gives the text more credibility. It is highly recommended to use short and understandable sentences, to avoid subjective tone and to make strong statements. For example “…no students will left behind…” is a very strong statement, which is possible a goal that could be hardly achieved. By these improvements, the proposal will be easier for the reader to follow and understand. It will also make your proposal in a way more academical.

(Content) - sections
			Aim of this lecture is learning how to write the proposal into clear sections, while adding a clear research question and sub-questions to focus the research objectives. However, the proposal lacks structured sections, a clearly defined research question, and detailed methodology. The theoretical framework is only implicitly referenced and requires explicit discussion. Moreover, the methodology would benefit from a detailed breakdown of tools, participants, evaluation processes, and feedback collection. To improve the proposal, restructure it into separate sections for SOTA, Theoretical Framework, and Methodology. Introduce a clear research question, supported by sub-questions. Additionally, address potential challenges.

Others:
I look forward to seeing how your expose progresses! I recommend having a look at the expose guideline slides again and of course the comments on the expose in CARE. 

