The exposé talks about the challenges and opportunities with the involvement of LLM-based (large language model) tutorship in university level technical courses.
It proposes the idea that human tutors in courses can be trained or replaced by LLMs, in order to save cost and achieve a higher level of availability and usability, with possible options of higher precision answers coinciding with future development.
The rqs (research questions) include aspects concerning the measurability of improvements and which modules would be ideal for this new kind of tutorship. It also covers the ethical and legal consequences.
The SOTA (state of the art) sheds some light on the current developments and identifies the gap in research this paper would fill. The conclusion is that there is not much research being done in this area.
The theoretical framework highlights the different aspects of the current way tutor are taught and how this way of teaching could be done by and for the LLMs.
The methodology features ways of gaining information and insight like doing surveys and polls on various platforms and also training new tutors with this methods and comparing the results.
The schedule is tight and plans every week iteratively.

Certain passages like "Several studies emphasize the success of the use of AI (artificial intelligence) in education." or "often trust them more than human tutors", in relation to students using LLMs, are written with no source to back it up. This makes these phrases feel like opinions rather than actual scientific conclusions. Adding a citation would remove this effect and make it feel more fitting.
Furthermore the SOTA Paragraph feels too high level and not detailed enough. No real accomplishments up to this point are mentioned, which makes it expendable with nearly no loss in the quality of information. Ideally it would include the latest accomplishment, even if that was published a longer time ago or is only partially related to the topic.
The theoretical framework is too focused on the theoretical teaching models instead of also including the general LLM side of the framework, with maybe naming LLM technologies that would play a role in developing the tutor-replacing-LLM. Something like "an ideal base for creating this LLM technology would include a decoder-only autoregressive transformer architecture" and then give reasons and cite relevant papers.
The methodology feels a little imperative at times, like for example in sub-rq 1.2 where few select modules get evaluated. Keeping track of the bigger picture by trying approaches on a higher level would alleviate these imperative/overfitting problems. This could be done by classifying modules into different high level classes like practical vs theoretical or studienleistung vs klausur etc. and analyzing the patterns that emerge from these new comparative datasets. 
The schedule has plans for every week, which is generally ideal, but without buffer times in between the model might collapse from unexpected interferences, like sickness or vacation.

For future exposés it could be interesting to view problems from a higher plane of functionality, so to abstract some parts like the imperative ideals more. This would lead to more applicable research while also showing apparent patterns in the module-LLM-relation-datasets more clearly. Furthermore applying this avoidance of too high specifications to the schedule might make it more dynamic, by adding a layer of self-evaluation in relating to the aspects given in the weekly/monthly descriptions.
