Summary:

As 40% of children worldwide are not educated in their native language, the current potential use of LLMs in an educational context to cross linguistic and cultural gaps will be investigated.

Strengths:
A good hook motivates the problem, and justifies the usefulness of this thesis. Your hook is short, good and precise

Weaknesses:
An important part in an expose is to remain precise, limiting to your research question to a well defined domain and methodology. Your exposee contains many general claims without references and stays quite superficial. Try to narrow down your problem more by stating a more precise research question, by focusing on subparts of the research question and using more references for general claims
The theoretical framework should set the base for your research. In your case, the named concepts are not named anywhere else and do not seem to be relevant for the methodology. Come up with a better connection to the theoretical framework and use it in your methodology or use a different framework
Even though not every step needs to already be planned in detail, the methodology should clearly show how you plan to answer the research question(s), including a justification for your methods and how they would answer the research question, concrete potential challenges and limitations etc. Due to your questions being quite openly formulated, it is not clear to me how you will answer these questions. Tailor your methodology exactly in a way that you are tackling the research question, and become more precise and concrete (e.g. what kind of case studies, how will you measure metrics/how do you define success etc).
A good flow and good transitions are vital in an expose to explain the big picture, what you want to do, why you want to do it and how exactly. You seem to have many "jumps" in your paragraphs and I do not always see the connection or relevance (e.g. your theoretical framework, the methodology with new points). Work on the big picture throughout all paragraphs, try to have a clear structure good transitions, clear motivations for claims and methods, and focus on understandability - this may also include repetitions (to make it 100% clear what you want to research)

Other:
An actual exposee should not consist of bullet points. Convert them into actual paragraphs for better reading flow and better transitions. 
