This research explores how integrating AI with holographic augmented reality (AR) can create immersive, interactive, and socially engaging experiences by making virtual assistants feel more physically present. It examines the technical requirements, user engagement, and design principles necessary for holographic AI assistants to adapt to different environments and enhance interactions in fields like education, healthcare, and entertainment. This makes for a compelling case to do more research into the field of combining AI Assistants and AR devices, however it is unclear how you want to do that research. 

A key aspect of writing any paper is to convey the theoretical framework you are using to tackle your research questions. You picked three very fitting frameworks and clearly explained them. I especially like how you connect them to your field of study.

The methodology section of an exposé deals with how you want to go about finding answers to your research questions. By declaring what methodologies you are going to use and how you are going to apply them you lay the basis for your scientific endeavor. In your section on methodology you mention that you will do surveys and experiments. I would like for you to specify what kind of experiments you will conduct. For now it is unclear how these surveys and experiments will be conducted and what they will be about. What is your goal behind doing them, what question do you want to answer? I would recommend to limit your scope on one survey or experiment and state in detail what questions you want to be answered by them and how you plan on conducting them. You might want to revisit [REMOVED]Folienpaket: Exposé slide [REMOVED] and following.

One of the main goals when writing an exposé is to clearly define what your resulting paper will deal with and what not. To aid in this, research questions limit the scope of your research and should be precise questions. I like that you split your questions into one main question with sub questions, but your main 
stions  I would like for you to limit yourself to two or three sub questions and specify them to be easily translated into the methodology. I can recommend the slides [REMOVED]Folienpaket: Exposé slide [REMOVED] and following.

The first paragraphs of any paper are crucial for readers to get a sense of what they can expect for a world where your research comes to fruition, but this part of your paper is hindered by poor sentence structure. The structure of your first paragraphs as well as the individual sentences could use some improvement. There are many questions you pose without clear intention on where th y should lead the viewer. For example your second sentence is "Is it just a fantasy that technology experts
dream of a futuristic world?", on its own this doesn't say much. I would expand this question by adding more options eg. "Is this just a fantasy [..] or is this future closer than one might think". I would also recommend that you at least partially answer the questions you pose at a later point. Ideally the questions you lead with should be answered with your surveys and experiments you plan on conducting. the whole text and for peaking their interests. You start of with a good idea of having the reader imagine 
