Feed-up: 
By highlighting the current development in AI and computer graphics, as well as pointing out the inherent of the uncanny valley in Holographic AI, the method is to investigate the neural rendering approaches used to render realistic AI avatars and compare them to state of art classical approaches.
The main idea focuses on neural rendering, which is a critical aspect of the holographic AI Assistant. Morevers, the expose’s structure covers all needed components and the content is also in detail written: motivation is very convincing, approach method is clear and the time table is good scheduling. 
Feedback: 
It’s a good idea to identify three different metrics when starting researching, because they have a huge impact in evaluating which rendering approaches should be chosen. 
Three types of chosen metrics are explained clearly, but the actual impact of them to neural rendering in this expose’ is not shown, which leads to a doubt in the result. Moreover, there is a question, are these three metrics enough to evaluate the impact, or do we need more to make sure of a more precise result. 
Also it would be useful to specifically involve people with direct experience in the benchmarking process, in order to obtain more practical answers. 
Feed forwad:
To further develop your methodological skills, you should focus more on listing the standards to select comparable methods after finishing reading all the needed papers. 
Besides the method of using a DSLR camera, some other methods should be prepared for some unexpected testing result. The method would be clearer, if you can explain more about specific tools, for example DSLR cameras and neural rendering techniques NeRFs. 
By critically analyzing the impact and the use of adaptability in the comparison, you can strengthen your self-regulation. This reflection enables you to independently optimize and continuously refine your approaches in order to achieve more well-founded results.

Peer review: 
The expose's main idea is to investigate the neural rendering approaches used to render realistic AI avatars and compare them to state of art classical approaches. Three different metrics will be used for this research. 
Strength:
+ Idea is clearly explained and it is very practical. All the steps to execute research, which is written in expose, helps me to understand the idea very clear. 
+ Motivation is very convincing 
+ The time table is good scheduling
+ The research method is described in detail.
+ Creative subtittle
Weakness: 
+ The definition of the tool is not defined, which is hard to imagine the test. 
+ The standards for comparison are not listed 
+ The evaluation is not clear. 
+ There are some spelling errors




