Summary:
The Project aims to show what common challenges students face during their first year of programming, and how these challenges shift compared to more advanced students. Additionally, the paper works out whether an ITS, an intelligent tutoring system based on a large language model, can mimic a human tutor with personalized feedback and how effective this assistance is. For that the paper is heavily based on the evaluation "Leveraging GenAI for an Intelligent Tutoring System for R: A Quantitative Evaluation of Large Language Models" written by Lukas Frank, Fabian Herth and Paul Stuwe (doi:10.1109/EDUCON60312.2024.10578933), planning on executing a similar experiment with a broader student pool both in knowledge levels and size of the test group. For this sake, the students are separated into two groups, first-year students and advanced students, and required to evaluate two to three answers from a set of questions and rank them, followed by an interview to get an impression of the students and how their experience felt.

Strengths:
The anker is an important part of the motivation, introducing them to the area and the underlying problems. Your work nicely points out relevant research papers and shows their limitations. These link up directly to your research questions. 

The research questions specify what should be found out in a precise and concrete way. Your three research questions, RQ1, RQ2 and RQ3, are easy to understand and close enough to seem reasonable. At the same time, they are clearly connected to the outlined gaps in the current research papers. A small improvement would be to rename the groups. "First-year students" don't need to be beginners, as you yourselve have pointed out in your hook: "But many first-year students struggle with the steep learning curve. There is also a clear gap between these students and students who have already started learning programming beforehand". Furthermore,"advanced students" is ambiguous, as some "first-year students" can have advanced knowledge as well as "older" students.

Weaknesses: 
Correct citation is very important part of writing academic paper, as it enables readers to verify the claims. Although your paper has lots of good sources, you missed citing them in some points. In motivation, you wrote, "Universities often depict that you don’t need prior knowledge of programming to successfully get your bachelor's degree", possibly linked to paper [2], but this paper does not support this quote. "Intelligent Tutoring Systems (ITS) has been in the discussion of many papers in recent years" is missing any kind of evidence without a source, and "The R programming language has similarities to python" is a purely subjective view without a citation. Later on in "approach" you didn't cite "The usage of ITS is a popular and proven to be effective to teach students". A big mistake, however, is "As language model I will to use ChatGPT-4o. As this model is a current SOTA model", since without sourcing and timestamp on your knowledge, I need to assume that all knowledge is up-to-date until 9.12.2024. From 5.12.2024 OpenAI o1 is available in ChatGPT Pro, expected to perform better in STEM-related problems thanks to "Chain-of-Thought" reasoning. (https://openai.com/index/learning-to-reason-with-llms/). Finally, "Lots of studies addressed concerns that LLMs deliver answers that are not relevant to the input or are misleading the students." is also missing citation. Please work on your citing and timestamping. Consider using a tool like "Zotero" as it can be exported directly into BibTeX and includes a "last visited" Timestamp.

In the methodology segment of the work, you need to specify what methods will be used and how that will answer your research questions. Firstly, the survey conducted at the beginning seems to have little use for your research questions. "In the beginning I want to conduct a survey among students to get a starting point what student would expect from such a tool" There seems to be no real connection, since none of your research questions focus on the actual functionality of an ITS but on how effective it is. The scoring between 1-3 seems very narrow; compressing answers will undermine the meaningfulness of your quantitative study part. Furthermore, there is only an interview session about how students felt. This, combined with the logs from the experiment and no further explanation, seems to only answer research question 3, the effectiveness of ITS agents. Still, "With this interview data and the prompt log of the students I will analyse this and try to answer my research questions." does not specify how this will be done exactly. There is also no information on how you want to compare "advanced students" challenges with "first-year students" when both groups need to answer different questions using the ITS agent. Please specify how your collected data will actually answer the research questions. In the current state, only research question 3 seems feasible without any more specification on the interview questions and the exact expectations.

Writing limitations for your work is very important, since it outlines possible gaps in your research. Your limitations seem to be a little vague on what implications they might have on your work. "[...] LLMs deliver answers that are not relevant to the input or are misleading the students. LLMs tent to hallucinate often",is a correct and important limitation. However, there is no clear outlining how you will compensate for these errors in judging the effectiveness of ITS agents. Please specify more on how you can judge the effectiveness of a system.

Other: 
Overall, your spelling is good; however, the word "there" seems to be used for "they" and "their". The usage of the word "impossible" without a source in your hook, "This makes it impossible to provide a good personalized learning experience for students" sounds rather extreme. I would recommend using a spellchecker, which is allowed, if you add a clear disclaimer that you used one.

Disclaimer: The tool LanguageTool was used for spellchecking (https://languagetool.org)
