In this expose, author want to research how the GPT-3 can be used for supporting the children diagnose with anxiety disorder. The integration of the GPT will be researched into therapeutic frameworks and the ethical considerations etc. will be discussed on the final paper.

The hook is really great, it should hook from the first sentence. The first sentence is not so impactful as the second sentence of the hook. You could just start from the second sentence. 

You used many sources in approach, which is great. However, in the motivation part at the third paragraph you start to use less sources. You can research this part a bit more.

I think the SOTA should be the first paragraph to structure the approach clearly. That's why i would suggest you the exchange the first and second paragraph of the approach. 

"While AI excels at pattern recognition and diagnosing anxiety disorders, its ability to conduct
full therapeutic sessions is limited due to emotional understanding constraints and privacy concerns" The sentence is too ambiguous. It is not clear if the AI is knowingly set constraints or not. And i could not understand how the privacy concerns would limit the full therapeutic sessions. I would suggest you to explain a bit more.

By methodology you should add concrete number of persons to be interviewed. It will help with the planning and being more nuanced.

At the limitation part, the limitation with "Despite the well..." is not really a limitation. A limitation should explain how the scientific conclusions may not be enough after your research. You should just focus on what happens if your research is successful in limitation part. You can of course add your concerns if your research may not be able to close the gap in the research but it is not a part of the limitations. 

Until the scheduling part, you did not write that you are going to select more models than GPT-3. Is it first of all realistic using many models because of the time concern? Second of all it should have been than said in the other part of the document.
