Review: The Holographic AI Assistant

This exposé proposes research into holographic AI assistants as an alternative to digital assistants on flat screens
or augmented/virtual reality, specifically in the context of education and healthcare. It argues for this novel
technology with an enhanced user experience; a study with participants from the sectors mentioned prior shall be
conducted to verify that claim.

Starting off with the strengths: In the approach, the text profiles its research against the state of the art, noting 
some deficits like "lack of contextual awareness" in cited papers. The description of the theoretical framework after
contains a correct use of a cited paper, summarising it and justifying the use of some methods in the project.

Moving on to the weaknesses: in general, the exposé suffers from irritating lines of thought and an unclear research
proposal. The review you are reading here explains the most significant ones, others are annotated in CARE.
The motivation should include an engaging hook, illustrating a problem to solve or a vision the research can make
progress to. Using such rhetorical question and appeal to the reader is not as effective as it may seem at first.
Because you are describing an unfounded future vision, it does not make for a convincing statement, quite the opposite;
without any foundation, this part exudes little credibility in your ideas. Missing citations reinforce the problem.
A total rewrite is necessary with more engaging story telling and statements supported by citing papers or clear
arguments.
The aspect of missing citations is something that plagues the entire motivation. Making a factual statement in a 
scientific paper must either be cited or be clearly argued for in the text. The entire section does neither, which
makes anything written down sound hollow and non-credible. For example: claiming to have found a research gap upon
statements without citations, is not sound. Again, proper citations and connecting arguments and thoughts together
would give your exposé some punch.
This leads to the research questions (RQs). Those, and thus the entire approach require a clear focus, especially in
the context of a thesis and its limited time frame of 24 weeks. This includes a feasible and precise goal and defining
metrics that make evaluation possible. Your "key questions" are pointing in many different research directions and are
themselves in some parts imprecise; efficiency and usability as metrics are great and all if the paragraph prior
elaborates on them; this is missing. Answering all of them sufficiently is unrealistic as each one of them needs to
collect specific kinds of data with empirical methods (RQ1 & 2), technical analysis (RQ3), or ethical assessment (RQ4).
In short: the approach has to cover multiple and different kinds of research methods. Without regarding your approach
and schedule in the exposé, this is unlikely to happen in 24 weeks. The sensible solution is the cutting of some RQs
and a refinement of those left after. The last aspect is necessary with respect to the definition of a clear goal,
which needs to be stated more precisely, too.

On the topic of the approach: it should contain convincing descriptions of the state of the art and a positioning of
your research there and a sensible theoretical framework and methodology supporting your research questions. Besides
the one strength mentioned prior, this is overall insufficient for a future research project, primarily due to two
points elaborated in the following paragraphs.
Your theoretical framework must lay the groundwork for your methodology by enabling a path to significant results, be
it ways of conducting a study or useful metrics. At one point, the theoretical framework mentions theory which is not
cited nor argued for. This puts a dent into its credibility. Furthermore, you did not connect the theories together and
with the methodology. It just declares those two theories as the framework without putting it into the research context
like describing their significance or critiquing aspects. Cite the second theory or cut it out, and explain why the
theories mentioned matter in your research, like extracting metrics. This may include a reason for the citation of two
papers specifically (thus implicitly comparing them).
At last, a critique about the methodology. It should describe a realistic way (with respect to 24 weeks) and sensible
methods to gain results to answer the RQs. Especially with multiple different RQs, the methodology has to be well
thought out and contain a collection of methods. Multiple methods are mentioned; neither is their purpose in the
research argued for nor are they planned out well enough to formulate expectations, e.g. the part "[...] gathering 
in-depth feedback on the interaction [...]" does not clear the way to answer any RQs. The missing metrics do not help
that case, even if they are listed in an unrelated sentence after that should have been part of the theoretical 
framework. In addition, the unrealistic amount of participants, unpleasant transition into describing the other part of
your research and a statement with missing citations ("Preliminary studies [...]") further reinforce the impression,
that not much care went into the planning process. A complete revision of this section is necessary in accordance to 
new RQs if done so as suggested. Put a focus onto bridging the gap between method and RQ and scale down.

Some miscellaneous notes follow, including some about the schedule and formalities. Due to the weaknesses in the text
itself, the schedule itself must be revised anyway; it should have been a chronology for your potential future work to
make the process as smooth as possible. Some things to fix are: the listing of tasks which should have been handled in
this exposé, like identifying research gaps or formulating RQs(!), the vagueness of task description, a result of the
unclear research proposal, and the submission task being about a exposé, not a thesis.
Another aspect are wrong citations and, subjectively speaking, awkward language; sentences do not flow, sections are
tagged in the approach and the line of thought sometimes becomes fuzzy. Some of those issues are marked in CARE.
The solutions for those problems should be clear.

All in all, the exposé has many glaring issues throughout, with few redeeming qualities. The major problem is the too
broad research scope, creating a very unclear approach, which itself contains pit falls. This cascades into many
minor problems; combining that with the formalities and the result is a exposé which needs a lot of work.

