Summary:
This project description proposes a brief investigation of the impact of LLM-based agents in supporting the learning of people who are out of school or have learning difficulties. However, due to significant shortcomings in the methodology and theoretical framework, I am unable to summarise the project in more detail.

Strength:
The author does a good job of stating the interest in this project and why this research needs to proceed, based on the author's observations of the world.

Weaknesses:
Clarity is a basic requirement for most scientific writing. The author makes many grammatical errors and many particularly long sentences are difficult to understand. I would recommend the author use DeepL or LLMs to improve the language quality.
The research question should be explored in depth through detailed experiments. However, your research question is a bit too broad for a thesis-level project, and you yourself are not sure how to address your RQ through the content of the methodology; moreover, your sub-question 1.1 should not be a question that can be answered with a simple “yes or no”. A research question is one that requires manipulating certain experimental variables, observing the results, and analysing them in order to reach a conclusion. I would suggest that you completely reconstruct this expose, otherwise, this project will not be very feasible.
Literature analysis is an important part of research in any field, as it helps you to understand the history of an unfamiliar field, the current state of development, the theoretical framework, as well as the specific experimental methods and techniques employed. The author has enough motivation for the topic, but stops there and does not do enough literature analysis and methodological planning. In particular, the description of SOTA does not have enough cited papers on similar topics, and there is a serious lack of process for finding research gaps. There is no in-depth exploration of the results and experimental design of previous studies/ SOTAs. I suggest the authors look for more related papers and carefully read their structure and content of them. To understand the details and feasibility of a research project involving AI.
The methodology is the core of an AI project, it's about what will be done in the experiments, what is expected in the results and what measures should be taken to ensure that one is able to solve problems and potential challenges. Even if it's only a proposal for a research project, the author needs to have a solid understanding of the techniques (LLM, agent system, human-computer interaction) that will be used in this project, a concrete and feasible outline of the experiments. However, I do not find this information in the expose and this needs to be greatly improved by proposing a detailed experimental plan to build an LLM agent system and how to evaluate it.
The schedule is very important for time management and for carrying out the experiment. I can see that the author has put some effort into it, but it's still very far from a workable plan. The order of the tasks is confusing and the description of the tasks is very vague and doesn't address any RQ. I would suggest the author find some examples of real schedules of open-ended projects and put more effort into the expose, even with the help of LLMs is acceptable.
