The following is a description of the proposed project as I understood it. 
The project aims to elaborate the implications for mostly students but also teachers of using LLMs as digital teaching assistants for crafting personalized learning paths specifically for the subject math. In addition, the study wants to find challenges that arise for the LLMs. In order to answer the research questions, the study consists in a quantitative and qualitative part which are performed with students and teachers. In the quantitative part maths test results between students using LLMs and students using traditional tutors are compared and in the qualitative part interviews are performed concerning questions about perceived usefulness and advantages of the LLMs and also the relationship between student and teacher when using LLMs as teaching assistants.
The exposé has several strengths. 
The title is creative and raises interest in the reader while the subtitle is still precise enough to give a good idea of what the exposé is about. 
The hook is well written in that it directly speaks to the reader with an invitation to think about the subject. This catches the reader's interest which is the goal of the hook. In the end of the hook the relevant questions that the resulting project wants to tackle are named which gives the reader an idea of the content of the project.
The anker is another strength as it names the disciplines that the subject falls under and states the problems that scientists and the world in general are currently facing.
However there are also a few weak points that could be improved a little bit.
Right before the research questions, in the teaser, it is said that the work focuses on addressing the previously mentioned gaps. The purpose of the teaser is to identify the gaps and clearly position the own work in relation to these gaps. It is a good teaser if the gaps are easily understood and the reader knows why your research is important and what gap you try to bridge. Beforehand you already mentioned various gaps. However it is not 100 percent clear to the reader what gaps exactly are tackled in the project. E.g. it is not fully comprehensible how evaluation can tackle the problem of insufficient quality of the LLMs' assistance. By clearly mentioning what the specific gap is and what part your research plays in bridging the gap, the reader could get a clearer picture of your work and what you are trying to accomplish. Therefore you could try to name the gap and explain what your work does for bridging said gap.
The research questions themselves aim to provide a good scope for the work, making it clear what will be researched and to what extent and what the researcher is trying to find out. Good research questions are specific enough so that they can be answered in the given time for the project (in our case six months as we are preparing a bachelor's thesis) but not too specific so that they are open enough to that the researcher can actually find good, useful and new information. You have formulated four research questions which are already specific and still open enough when regarded individually. However, the four questions might be too much for one bachelor's thesis and could lead to a thesis without a real focus. Specifically the last question of the four regarding the teacher-student relationship seems to go in a different direction than the others and there could just not be enough time to answer it satisfyingly. You could remove this question or try to specify it further so that it fits better into a bachelor's thesis. To have an exposé with a clear but still wide enough focus you should look further into what questions exactly you want to answer, how much work these questions would pose and how close the questions are to each other. For that you could also revisit your schedule and literature and research how big a topic like the teacher-student relationship is.
The state-of-the-art (SOTA) part is intended to give the reader an overview of the state of the art regarding the exposés topic. To have a good SOTA-part the SOTA should be explained in enough detail so that the reader has an overview of what is currently done in the discipline and should showcase the gaps that the SOTA still leaves which should be understandable by the reader having read the explanation of the SOTA. You have already explained different approaches that make up the SOTA together well. But currently the relationship between the hybrid approach and the Educational Personalized Learning Path Planning is not really clear. From your explanation the reader cannot surely say whether the two approaches are interconnected or completely separate. Furthermore, the second approach could be explained in a little bit more detail so that the reader gets a deeper understanding of the methods currently in use. You should focus on delving into a little bit more detail with the different methods and explaining their connections. This would further clarify the SOTA which helps the reader fully understand the whole work.
My last criticism concerns the methodology part. It serves the purpose of presenting the methodology you will use in order to answer the research question(s). The methodology part is sufficient if the reader knows how you want to answer your research questions and if the methods you want to use are realistic for a bachelor's thesis. You already explain what you want to do and what type of method these methods belong to. But when it comes to the LLMs you say 'prompted LLM-tutor designed to personalize learning paths based on the theoretical framework and mostly on student responses and progress'. To me it is not evident what LLM you want to use and what you do with it. Stating what LLM you want to use (ChatGPT, open source like Llama, ...) and whether you want to fine-tune it with specific school math related content would clarify your methodology and what steps you need to follow exactly when you are doing the project in the end. In order to be able to say what you want to do you could revise some literature on LLM fine-tuning and research advantages and disadvantages of certain LLMs and think about what LLMs students could use. ed to personalize learning paths based on the theoretical
framework
